LeBron James always said he would like
Cleveland up like big and smile he never
really got that time oh come on and
light is light it up LeBron ignite it
light it off from rages to famous a kind
of outrageous whomever like Cleveland up
like Vegas deserted us played in up mr.
Z off and light it up Regis to fame as
the kind of outrageous he'll never like
feelin dogleg p is started with the
swagger of a spartan commander gives me
little spark and tarnish the amber
departing from his own backyard in the
scamper and leaving his city as dark as
I'm concerned right is always ready to
order I'm camper UCS sharp like a smart
salamander that don't work together like
an arm and a hammer as the heart of the
commanders starts me but a spotlight gap
right should we roll like a hamster
leave us he's just a star in the painter
your decision interview with jargon new
kinder wishing defendant Boston Lee you
guarded your answer in that game I was
warning to me a performance or week I
swore that he leave I'm gonna seen a
bitter King blow like a breeze and
running the floor like he's blown out of
me his soaring had ceased but he's
pouring out trees the crowd booed i
roared like the season storm so the knee
replied short but nice weekend he's
homeless please he's more but he's on
Captain Neely what was he thinking to a
pain in a ship when it's not even
thinking and saying that he's leaving
for competitive reasons when we talk 60
wins and consecutive season on ESPN like
a token show off hand evoking the
emotion of a broken robot up here not a
laziness shirt out of silliness and I'm
pretty sure you just emerged from the
wilderness leak from a pilgrimage mock
nuts moccasins if you like a cardigan
you're hogging all our oxygen get our
love boilin and boy it's still bubbling
it's the cream of the crop it's on top
of soil that he blossomed in I gotta go
so that's the brigade be a championship
here to cleveland and i will stop
talking now dear fans around the league
and unfortunate rivals seen the eve move
to North East while Florida why go you
didn't grow up there chose to grow an
orange when you shoot a pair and fans
went bananas cuz your promise was
fruitless click a harder than it is
Peter coconut to this Caesar had a
Buddhist even Jesus had a Judas we just
never dreamed of Queen having you here
we might have been ruthless we finally
saw the truth he's no good alone kind of
like vermouth it will go and raise the
roof of another building cuz bra wants a
ring like the mother of his children
kamillion up here me a kiss you now the
fans understand his abandonment issues
the wrong way to all share a very
distinct love uniform Christa period
synced up but saying you're a Benedict
Arnold is rhetoric because you're Arnold
and you Benedict we watch your career
now compared to a witness run into some
karma trip interior meniscus head said
he thought we would actually mourn him
walk a mile in his shoes and walked back
in my jordans inspired all summer go
doctor a title will retire your number
and honor of michael